the reason you need the same standards
is because if we go outside the wire and
I expect you to do something for me you
expect me to do the same damn thing and
if a guy comes out of that building and
he's coming at me and I'm compromised
you better pull the trigger or you
better jump on him or you better do
whatever it takes because we have
lowered the standards we are putting
people in places that are going to get
others killed full stop you and I go
outside the wire okay you get shot I'm
beside you who's picking you up it's
that
[Music]
simple hello everybody I'm speaking
today with Kelsey Sharon she's CEO of
brass and unity and author of brass and
Unity One woman's Journey Through the
hell of Afghanistan and back she's a
distinguished Canadian veteran we walked
through her story she was a martial arts
Champion as a child she joined the
Canadian military when she was very
young she served in Afghanistan and had
a a series of well what you might
describe is extraordinarily rough
Adventures there we talk about that we
talk about the state of the Canadian
military talk about the state of Canada
for that matter talk about her um
pathway back to something approximating
happiness as a consequence of her
experimentation with psychedelics for
example um we cover a lot of territory
so welcome aboard for the ride let's
start when you're a kid okay what do you
like as a kid tomboy aggressive I
started fighting at four years old
fighting tech window you start oh yes
and and why did you do that my mom saw a
demonstration at the cob Mall in Ontario
and it was kind of what you see in uh in
all these like crazy YouTube where it's
like people jumping around kicking
boards and breaking boards and doing all
this big kind of demonstration to bring
people into their Club my mom called me
on a pay phone and she my dad was like
oh talk to her about it so he told me
and she said look if we sign you up you
got to stay for the time we signed you
up that's just how it works so do you
want to try it I said sure let's try it
so I did and that was the rest of my
existence
so it was wonderful were you a little
four-year-old yes so I am only 5 foot
and about 110 pounds on a good day so
I've always been really small but what
we did find out later on is that because
of how aggressive I was in Taekwondo and
how how I was fighting and how often I
was fighting I actually stunted my own
growth I was doing two a Days by the
time I was 12 what what does that mean
so I was training in the morning and I
was training at night and I was training
during the day if I was not at school
and I was a second degree black belt by
the time I was 12 and a national
champion so I took it really seriously
and that meant weight classes as soon as
you hit a certain age and by you know
working in the sauna and skipping and
doing those types of things constantly
having such a low body fat my puberty
didn't come on till later so they think
that my height didn't quite go with it
either I see yes I see yeah so what did
tawan do for you discipline Drive belief
in myself the ability for self-reliance
you know it's a individual sport for the
most of it Taekwondo is something that's
really fascinating to me martial arts in
general I think are by and large one of
the most
underutilized um activities for kids for
discipline and for ownership and for
responsibility I think a lot of people
are afraid of the violence Tendencies
with it and like I get it it's a
striking sport you don't want to kick
somebody in the head too many times we
understand head injury now much better
than we did before but what it gave me
was this uh idea that if I showed up
each every day and I did the work and I
put in the time and I trained and
trained and trained I could be the best
at something and because of that it was
really the self-reliance this piece of
it doesn't matter what's going on around
me if I'm solid and I go into this fight
then I'm going to be just fine and so
that's kind of how my life went and
turns out I got pretty good at it pretty
quick so I became highly addicted to it
and it not only gave me a self-reliance
piece it also gave
me that identity Within Myself very
young so when I started to go through
the bullying phase where I cut my hair
about this short and I wore tear away
pants and I wore you know a wife beater
tank top because I was always training
when the teasing came along and all that
traditional stuff that happens to kids
it it helped me handle it better I got
bullied a ton like lots of girls would
pick fights with me and whatever that's
fine but I never fought back unless I
was hit first I was always taught that
you never hit first but if you are hit
you make sure they don't get back up and
so I do remember the one time I I did
get in a fight at school and I was not
afraid of my parents at the school I was
terrified of my master because he was
coming in from Toronto that weekend and
he doesn't like when you fight in school
and I found out what happens when you
fight in school he puts you in the ring
and puts you through a
wall so yeah ta window was fun so why
were you bullied and when did that start
that started really early I was always
more of a tomboy I didn't really fit and
I always did a lot of activities with
the boys and I didn't really want to be
around the girls it didn't make sense to
me because I trained with boys my my uh
my coaches were men I was just always in
that environment where it had you had to
be a little harsh a little harder I also
grew up in the middle of nowhere in
Campbellford Ontario so I grew up in the
woods I come from my mother's side uh
came over from Hungary right when the
Soviets came in they made it and then my
dad's side of the family you know had no
running water till he was 12 and he was
like this baby of seven kids so I come
from this really uh to hard pared
parents environment and so going into
that sport made sense but that also
created the identity of who I was which
was a little harsher maybe and in case
you haven't noticed I don't have a
problem using my voice so I would use it
and that's irritating for a lot of
people so how old were you when the
bullying started um I would probably say
like six sixish it was mostly girls yes
and what did it consist of at first it
was just vocal and they would tease me
for my hair because I used to wear
you're GNA love this I'm sure there's a
my psychiatrist is going to watch this
and laugh um so I used to wear uh I my
hair used to be really really short
because it was easier with a helmet all
the time right just constantly sweaty
you just always have a helmet on and so
I used to wear bandanas when I was going
through the growout phas but I also only
used to listen to Eminem and so like I
like really young was exposed to like
this I say like Angry music but like
Eminem back then was you know not sober
Eminem and so I went through this phase
where it's like I was training around a
lot of music like this I was around
really hard people I went into school
and so I just kind of like went into
myself because I didn't relate with
anyone in school and I was at a Catholic
school and I didn't understand and I you
know they do their best to kind of teach
you what God is and all of these texts
and and but they weren't really making
it applicable to life it was this is
what God says this is what you do this
is what you don't do this is why you do
it and there was no room for discussion
there was no room for explanation or
asking the question why so that's
something I that I didn't I didn't work
well with me I wanted to know why I had
more questions and I just wasn't getting
answers so I just kind of went into what
worked for me and once I did that that's
when the pattern of behavior started and
then you know then it got to a little
bit of violence when I got a little
older probably 9 10 because then once I
got my black belt people were like oh
you think you're MH and I was like no I
I really don't in this weight class
around somebody around this height for
sure
but outside of that you know Taekwondo
is not really Jiu-Jitsu it's not really
applicable in real life I feel like
unless you're really good where and was
the bullying almost all from girls I had
a uh for a little bit there there was
boys and I remember a distinct incident
where I was on the soccer field and I
was wearing te ways and they ripped my
pants
off I just thought they were not being
nice I didn't think anything of it um
and at that point I was used to it a
little bit I mean I had little clicks of
friends but again I was at the club my
elementary school was here and my club
was right here so I would walk it so I
was always there I was there in the
mornings I was there after school I'd be
there late I used to teach once I had a
certain belt level did you have friends
at the club oh yeah oh my gosh that was
my that was my everything I didn't
that's the problem I didn't care about
anything outside of it right nothing
mattered right yeah right with that
masculine attitude of yours that young
what do you think would have happened to
you in a school now oh I would have been
transitioned it's funny that you say
that uh I had Natalie Eva Marie on the
show she's a WWE Superstar with pink
hair and she's very girly now but we're
having this exact conversation because
she was the same tear away pants you
know slides the whole thing she grew up
around boys and I said my God thank God
we don't live right now cuz we would
have been put on puberty blockers I
would had my breast cut off I would have
been told I was in the wrong body I
would have told that that I I wasn't who
I thought I was I knew I was a girl I
was good at being a girl
I grew up cutting and splitting wood
that's to me what it meant to just be a
girl I could clean the house I could
cook and I could cut and split wood so
what what why can't I do all of that why
do I have to be the opposite sex to do
those things and so yeah I would be
transitioned and it's really
tragic what was it like for you when you
hit puberty
strange I went from flat as a board both
sides no body fat at all to just like
disproportionate chest it was a very
strange uncomfortable feeling
but it somehow at the same time I was
going through a whole other level of
what I would consider trauma now looking
back doing you know a decade and a half
of therapy I've realized where a lot of
that anger kind of stemmed from in high
school and it came because my coach who
was my guy since I've been four started
sexually assaulting people say sexual
assault raping my teammate and she was
14 and my entire world exploded when
that all got exposed
and I stopped training and I stopped
having an outlet and I stopped having a
community and I stopped doing the thing
that made me who I was and because of
that I became radically angry but with
no place to put it no understanding why
and how to even fix it and my parents
didn't know how to fix it they just were
grateful it wasn't
me what came of that with him he went to
prison um he was at a minimum security
prison it was statutory rape is what he
got I think he did two years years he
has since been remarried to another one
of the girls we trained with and has
twin
daughters which makes me real
uncomfortable because that behavior
isn't by accident and that behavior
doesn't go away right right yeah so I
could imagine that was extremely hard on
you because you you said you lost your
community at that point as well yeah we
couldn't we tried to take me to a new
club to train because my goal was the
Olympics from like I I can remember it
from like the moment I saw somebody come
in with Olympic rings on them at the gym
I was like what's that they're like
that's the Olympics I went to the
Olympics I was like hold up you can go
to the Olympics for Taekwondo and
they're like yeah and it was over after
that that's it that was the only path I
could see for my life I didn't see
anything else ever not once and so once
that was ripped out I couldn't train
with anyone I couldn't trust anyone I
couldn't trust men couldn't trust anyone
around me cuz what if what if it's going
to happen again and then that became
that also then became a part of my
identity this just very angry Ry child
and no fault to my parents but my you
know my dad's a Long Haul truck driver
my mom is now too and my dad was gone a
lot and my mom had my brother and I but
you know she did the best she could but
sometimes like comments would come out
like there's something wrong with your
head you know those types of things
those like borderline gaslighting
conversations that happen like there's
something wrong with you it's like no I
know there's something wrong with me but
I don't know what it is and I don't know
how to fix it so that point you know I
had gone through an interesting
childhood the school had called uh had
called child services on my mom because
one time they were passing out Timbits
and I said I couldn't have it because I
had to lose weight right yes I saw that
in your book so that followed me till I
was 18 I had to see a pediatrician to
make sure that my mom wasn't abusing me
which was ridiculous right but
understand I understand it but do you
think
that that event that betrayal when you
were a
teenager tilted you towards
post-traumatic stress disorder
later I thought I've really thought on
that I've really meditated on that a
lot the
reason I would say more likely
know is
because I think that when you watch
someone die the way I've watched people
die you're going to have a mark anyway
so whether or not it was more severe
because of it so maybe yes it tilted but
I don't yeah well it was a pretty
fundamental betrayal no for sure it is
100% I don't disagree with with you on
that at all but you don't see an obvious
connection I think I think where the
connection lied for me more more than
that obvious connection would
be so that happened then I went on
deployment and a major authority figure
after my injury threw all my chit paper
in Afghanistan at me and told me it
would have been easier if I died so it's
like the authority figure here that was
a male the authority figure here that
was a male compounding on the injury
that already happened and told me
telling me I was worthless because when
you look at this situation and this is
where it's this is a little convoluted
and and it can seem really weird for
some people to hear so just bear with me
the person that was assaulted was my
training partner her and I were hyperco
competitive though don't get that
Twisted even for a second this is an
individual Sport and I wanted to be like
her when she cut her hair I cut my hair
right so when it she older than you yes
by two years so when it happened to her
there was almost this like weird thought
of like was I not good enough to even
try like you know it's really really
messed up to even think that but you get
the connection and where I'm saying it's
like I was never good enough there I was
never good enough here and then I was
never good enough in the service so
there's that that that kind of identity
that runs through it and it's it's
unfortunate but I think that was a big
part of my life for a long time it's not
anymore I know I'm very good I'm very I
know my worth now but looking backwards
you know that's been the beauty of the
psychiatrist I got in 2011 this he's
probably about your age very similar to
you dress is very similar same attitude
in Canada he was one of the first to do
post traumatic stress uh research on
post Rwanda veterans he served in Rwanda
in Bosnia as a medic and this I call him
my old man this guy he has put up with
everything but he's been the only person
outside of my father who has never told
me that I'm not good enough even when I
went through all of the things with him
since 2011 the amount of times I call
him tell him I'm going to kill myself I
can't do this anymore and the response
would always
be I have treated you Veterans for 40
years you're not doing this to me I've
never lost one I'm not losing one today
and that was always the conversation and
he was always telling me the truth so I
I think a lot of the healing
came in a lot of different ways when I
after the deployment I think it was a
blessing in disguise that's why when
Constantine asked if I regret it I said
no I don't regret any of it I needed to
go through those things to come out the
other side and be who I am today and I
like who I am today I love who I am
today I couldn't say that before I
couldn't say that five years ago so
you've pushed yourself really ever since
you were a little kid ruthlessly yeah
and I got the sense when I was reading
your book too that I I don't want want
to say that you were trying to prove
something but because that's a cliche
but you obviously pushing yourself up
against your physical limits in in your
Martial Arts and then you decide to
enter the service and so let's talk
about that so why did you decide why did
and you and you picked a hard route too
you went into the Infantry which was
probably the most infantry by accident
artillery by trade so it's very strange
so about 200 I think it was 15 the
United States started to integrate women
into combat arms roles so I was Canadian
and when I deployed my unit went to an
American fob so we were working for the
100 verse we were working for Americans
we were the only Canadians that were
with an American set of human beings we
were firing for them and that was in
Afghanistan and that was in Afghanistan
so so that was different and then I end
up doing infantry because the British
called and they didn't have a woman to
do the job so they pulled me right so I
worked with all of them but before that
joined the army because I went to
college in Ottawa I went to Algonquin
for about a month I tried to get out of
the town as quick as I could and out of
the town you grew up in yeah well I grew
up in Cobourg and then we moved to
Campbellford and I I went there at grade
11 so up until that point I'd gone to
Catholic School my entire life and then
I went into a public school for the
first time so that's fun transition
point and I went to like this Farm Town
of this really like you know really
small town Vibe hockey team kind how big
was Campbellford I don't even know this
I don't know the number but it was Tiny
we had one at the time we had one bridge
and we had a Tim Hortons yeah and we
invented the
tuny that's our claim to fame there you
go it's massive tuning not relevant at
all but ridiculous nonetheless and so so
yeah we we went there and then I left
and I went down to the Remembrance Day
ceremonies I always go for Veterans Day
in America and my that was one thing my
mom always taught me is we always go on
Remembrance Day and so we went I went
and I took the bus back to alonquin and
there was a lady on the bus that was in
an Air Force uniform with but like a
like a plethora of metals you don't
really see that in Canada too much you
see it a lot in the states it's they're
everywhere they're hanging off of them
but in Canada not so much so when you
see that it kind of Sparks a little so I
went over and had a conversation and
just kind of like asked her about what
she did and she was a I think she was a
pilot or she had flown one of the first
females to fly a whole kind of thing in
Canada so after that I got off the bus
and I just said I think I'm going to
join the Army so I went to the
recruitment office in right outside the
rido mall how old were you I was I just
turned 18 I left at 17 yeah and had you
graduated from high school I had yeah I
had I went early to Al gonin to try out
for the soccer team first and then um I
went so I started school in September
and then I went there right around like
November 15th and then I got paperwork
that I was accepted in December and I
got sworn in in December and I was in
basic training on January 3rd so was a
quick great yeah right was that a
shock I don't think I even had time to
be shocked I just made the decision and
we were going and that was how it was
going to go you signed on the do line so
we went right and and so tell me about
your basic training what was that like I
loved basic training uh basic training
sucked but I loved it at the same time
there's something about Collective
sucking together there's a that that
when you call it trauma Bond or whatever
you want to put on it but I liked the
competition within your group you have
men and you have women and everyone's in
a different trade and a you know Air
Force Army uh Navy and then who's going
where and I again loved the the idea of
being underestimated it worked for me
it's something that just drives me
because normally I'm the smallest or I'm
the woman or I'm the whatever kind of
like title you want to put it on none of
it matters to me at all and so we had a
couple women so immediately there was a
clash with that cuz what happened was we
would go down and do the 10k run in the
morning and then would because we
weren't allowed the elevators and then I
would Sprint up the stairs but I was
first so I got to the shower first it's
like okay you want to be first be faster
so they didn't like that I was just
standing out I started to stand out a
little bit and
um I mean it was good for the most part
it was a little rough I had a little bit
of the same sort of stuff from
elementary school kind of happen there
and it's like okay if it's happening
everywhere you're the problem but I
didn't know at the time that it was a
thing that I was doing turns out I'm
just way too masculine and I'm way too
aggressive for a lot of women and that
rubs some women the wrong way and so now
knowing that I understand that then I
didn't and so we we went through basic
training and it went well graduated on
time nothing went crazy how many women
in basic training compared to like what
was the mix we had like five women in
our group and the rest were men how many
men oh yeah okay yeah so we had what did
the men think of the women depended on
the woman okay explain that some were
sleeping with the women were competitive
with the women some other women were a
lot smarter than all of these guys put
together they were like doctors that
came in and were like I'm going to join
the Navy you know so there was some we
had some switched on women but then
there was there was a different level of
physicality and because we all have the
same PT tests because this is when we
didn't lower standards we were all one
standard which we should always be
MH uh some women some women didn't pass
the push-up test the first time it was I
think the push-up test was five or 10
push-ups MH um some you couldn't pass
the Beep Test you couldn't beep is beep
so you know in a gymnasium they put uh
uh like one of the lines over here one
of the lines over here and it would beep
and you would go beep and you have to
run the other side before the next beep
and go beep and then you have to run and
it would get faster and faster and it
was a long drawn out activity and you
had to hit a certain amount of beeps to
be able to qualify for the physical and
a lot of people didn't couldn't hit it
people were just overweight and so if
you failed a certain amount of times you
went up to the 13th floor which I
believe is the 13th it's called fat camp
and you go up there until you can do it
and then you get put back into a new
group so that was always a fear for some
people um I didn't struggle with that
because I came right from Sports into
that so I was in great shape right so
you didn't have any trouble with the
physical element no no no because basic
training isn't isn't the heavy stuff
it's the cardiovascular work it's the
ability to be yelled at and not break
it's the ability to uh learn task on
sleep deprivation can you function with
little sleep and so for me that was not
too bad cuz my dad would wake us up at
some ungodly hour to go cut wood I was
pretty used to it so it worked out and
then after basic we uh graduated and
then we all got posted to our trade
specific training I was a artillery
Gunner so I went to Gagetown um engag
town is where you do your SQ and your
dp1 grenades machine guns all the major
weapon systems that you get the
opportunity to shoot you learn them
there once you're done that then you go
to your hyper like trade trade so
artillery so then I went to the 105 guns
and the mortars did you have any
familiarity with weapons before oh God
no i' had never been exposed to guns my
dad had a a 22 for raccoons you know I
never hunted I never shot anything
nothing at all so it wasn't like a draw
to the raw raw of the the Weaponry or
the the violence of it it was more of a
this looks cool I think I could do this
but I think everyone knew I was either
going to be a cop or I was going to go
do something else I just didn't know at
the time MH and so so we went through
training there and that was fantastic
and how did how did the women do when
the standards were equivalent like I
said some women failed yeah yeah for
sure 100% just I presume some men failed
as well oh there was definitely a few we
had a couple individuals you'll find
this
comical who joined because they said
they were good at uh what's that like
not Halo but it's a video game it's like
a war video game and I couldn't help but
kind of do one of these and yeah they
out they just overweight mhm because
again if depending on the floor you live
on that's how you get up and down well
if you think about how many sets of
stairs you had to do in a day we're on
the ninth floor we have to go down for
breakfast because you have to swipe that
card if you don't you get in trouble
then you have to go back up so there's
two then you have to go back down for PT
there's three you got to go back up
there's four now you're going a 10k run
you're doing log stuff and you're doing
all this stuff now you got to go back up
and you and then they would just run you
just because they felt like it and then
you would do the same thing at night and
then if they decide to toss bunks you do
the same thing again so that if you're
not in shape like that's hard for anyone
to do all the time and so when we got to
Gagetown they kicked it up a notch right
because now you're you're dealing with
real guns real weapons and how do you
handle them how do you carry them and I
remember the first time I shot a Carl
Gustaf which is this just the massive
big guy here that goes on um goes on
your shoulder and it feels like you're
just getting like sucker punched by Mike
Tyson in the face when it goes off so be
it's a run by two people so one person
holds it one person loads it and so we
went to shoot my girlfriend and I who
was one of the tiny ones as well and my
sergeant looked at me and went no and he
just went over and wrapped both of us
together and did one of these and uh I
remember shooting that for the first
time and it was like oh okay okay I get
it now this is not pretend these things
are for real mhm and then we switched to
artillery and once we went to artillery
that was a whole new animal we were on
105 so they only have a 40 lb round
explain the difference the weapons y so
Carl gustoff is a you know shoulder
propell rocket launcher um I don't has
an explosive head it does have an
explosive head I didn't shoot any of
those overseas so I'm not like hyper
familiar with them we just did those in
training um then we have uh for me the
things that I shot the most of was my C7
which was a long barrel uh shoots a 5.56
or 762 round and then we had hand
grenades um they don't look like the
pineapples they're round like a baseball
the modern ones and then we had mortar
rounds um that shoot pretty somewhat
accurately 5 kmers within m so we had
those and then we had the 105s which how
does a mortar work so to the best of my
recol recollection um so it run by it's
run by two people it's a it's got a a
round plate in the ground that sits
there that can hold it down and it's a
long tube and at the bottom is a firing
pen and then you've got a site on it it
just kind of looks like a metal off
piece here and then what you do is
somebody lines up the site with the the
grids they're given and then um the
other individual comes with the round
and they hold it on top of the tube and
then then they say fire and you just
drop it and you duck your head to the
side of it and then it shoots it goes
down hits the firing pin and then
propels out and so we did a lot of those
because that's our job artillery is also
moriman and then we when we went to the
105s those are what I kind of described
to people like if you've seen any war
movie with like the horses or You' seen
them with a boom that's what that is and
the 105 is a 40 PB round goes about 20
km I'm probably give or take on that and
it's got the big brass casing that you
kind of see those big round guys that's
what that one kicks out at the back end
um that's what you train on but I then
deployed on the trip 7s which is a55
millimet Howitzer same sort of deal
modern site um GPS you can use GPS
guided rounds on it it shoots around
around 100 pounds it can go up to Max 40
km I believe and so that thing is a
different level of hurt I mean it's 100
lbs of H or Loom or white phosphorus or
whatever you're going to shoot
and it's you know I they the saying is
it's it's like the hand of God it'll
Reach Out And Touch you wherever you are
M and so that's what I deployed on and
when I got posted from Gagetown I went
to a French unit and that only happened
because another individual was
struggling with some kidney problems
from heat exposure he was taking too
much creatine and had really been one of
those guys in the gym that was not
looking after himself appropriately with
all of the supplements and so his
kidneys crashed out in the Heat and so
at that point they said okay he can't go
to Velar and you're going to pahua and
his dad's at Paha and I was like well
I'll trade so it gets French and I'm
like yeah we'll learn it's our second
language isn't it and so I went to
Quebec and then I got there and uh no
one spoke English and I had a female
officer and that was about it and so I
deployed with those guys I got there in
September of 2008 did you learn to speak
French uh just by being around I don't
speak it anymore cuz BC doesn't speak
French right yeah it's every other
language so I don't practice um but I
learned kind of as I went my first
interaction with my sergeant was I don't
want you and I went nice to meet you and
so it was a good start yeah using the
internet without expressvpn is like not
paying attention to a safety
demonstration on a flight most of the
time you'll probably be fine but what if
one day that weird yellow mask drops
down from the overhead and you have no
idea what to do with it it's better to
be safe than sorry which is why we
always use expressvpn every time you
connect to an unencrypted Network in a
cafe hotel or airport any hacker on the
same network can access your personal
data such as your passwords and
financial details it doesn't take too
much technical knowledge to hack someone
either these hackers can make up to
$1,000 per person selling personal info
on the dark web but expressvpn creates a
secure encrypted tunnel between your
device and the internet so that those
hackers can't steal your sensitive data
expressvpn is also so easy to use just
fire up the app and click one button to
get get protected plus it works across
all devices including phones laptops
tablets and more so that you can stay
secure on the go secure your online data
today by visiting expressvpn.com Jordan
expressvpn.com Jordan and you can get an
extra 3 months free that's
expressvpn.com jordant
toay so you deployed to Afghanistan with
a french- speaking group and you
couldn't speak French speak of yeah mhm
yeah it was yes no toaster kind of stuff
so I would be I would ask him like use
him as a human translator I would be
like
glass and then he would just translate
words and eventually I would start to
pick up little sentences here and there
and then it was franglish then it got to
a point where I could understand and I
was the remote weapon system Gunner for
the Tav which was a turret tank like a
tank that we have that has a turret that
shoots um shoots a I believe it's a C6
puts a machine gun and it's a computer
system so I learned that in French and
then I went and learned all the trip 7s
in French and the commands in French and
the radio commands in French and the
motor systems in French how did your how
did your fellow soldiers react to you on
the French
side you've been to Quebec R yes I lived
in Montreal for a good that's right so
you know when you hit like Quebec City
and you go north they don't really like
English people as much yeah so it was
about that and then when you look at the
gun troop and then you get one of your
gun troop members as five foot and 100
pounds at the time you go oh great now
I'm going to have to do twice as much
work right and so it just again it's
that prove yourself here we go again and
so I was fine with it and we did it and
it was all good and once they got a
little confident once they could see I
could load around once I load around
it's like okay she'll lift things at
least and um it was strange there had to
have some conversations my sergeant now
we're friends um now and we've spoken
since he goes yeah we we had to have
constant conversations about them
leaving you alone just like sexually cuz
that stuff was just rampant it's still
rampant it's just not ever
prosecuted yeah yeah so okay let's I
want to for sure wander into the
Afghanistan territory and your
experience there but I'm also curious
about your feelings about um women and
men in the military yeah so you were you
were in early obviously and you were in
before there were differential standards
yeah and you made reference earlier to
the fact that you think that the same
standard is appropriate 100% okay so
tell me why you think that perfect
example you and I go outside the wire
okay you get shot I'm beside you who's
picking you
up right it's that simple okay so what
do you think that implies for women in
the military like I mean the the idea is
that women can do anything men can do
that's not true yeah I know I know it's
not true and it it it doesn't even seem
to me that it's particularly appropriate
but it isn't like I exactly know how to
deal with that I mean you obviously
worked yourself you know half to death
in order to be able to manage this and
you did manage it and so it's hard to
say well it's hard not to say well good
for you right but by the same token it
seems to me odd that we're insisting as
a society that especially in I would say
especially in direct combat that men and
women can play the same role and so what
do you think about all that I think it's
really complicated and I'll tell you why
if we were fighting on average an enemy
that played by the same
rules or had similar respect for women
yeah well that's also a big problem but
that's the problem that's the main
problem right well okay so we could talk
about that a little bit too well it
seems to me that women are at risk if
they're serving in the military in a way
that men aren't not sure
okay I can count on all my fingers and
toes right now the amount of men who
have been assaulted by other men in
their units by like special operators
too I'm not just talking about like say
like grunt people you know what if
you're
captured you take that risk yeah but God
that's oh yeah it's hell we've seen it
we've known women who have we there's
videos of Israeli women who were
captured who were tortured to death and
raped to death and and we have that on
every platform so I get it but at some
point it's you have to make the
decision I was willing to risk it
because I genuinely the people that I
was with did you know what you were
risking when you were willing to no I
don't that was the thing I you know what
that's funny that you said it
Constantine said the same thing he's
like do you really know like what you
got into no and anybody you can say that
about life in general but this is a very
extreme situation and I can't imagine
what would have happened to you if you
have fallen into the hands of the wrong
people in Afghanistan let's say you know
I I've never thought about that but I
don't
know I don't think they would have been
able to keep me very long I would have
been a problem problems get eliminated
fast like honestly I I'm that person and
in in that time in my life if you said I
need you to go run and jump over that
wall and you're probably for sure are
going to die mhm if I knew someone was
on the other side of that wall that
needed to get pulled over that wall I'm
risking it MH I'm risking it every time
I hate that about myself sometimes
because it's like the sacrificial like I
will I'll risk it if it means getting
somebody who needs something or somebody
needs help I'll risk a lot I'll it's
probably not a great trait on some
levels um but I will and I have and I do
it again
what about the standards now the
standards were in place okay and and
what's changed okay so standards were in
place you know push-ups sit-ups y yada
the reason you need the same standards
is because if we go outside the wire and
I expect you to do something for me you
expect me to do the same damn thing and
if a guy comes out of that building and
he's coming at me and I'm compromised
you better pull the trigger or you
better jump on him or you better do
whatever it takes now
women become a
distraction I don't they become a
distraction because two reasons men act
different when women are around we know
that we know that they just respond
different if a woman's getting hurt
doesn't matter if he likes me or not
he's going to respond differently he
could put himself in danger now he's
going to react differently and
secondly because we have lowered the
standards we are putting people in
places that are going to get others
killed full stop mhm we are actually
making it more dangerous for people in
service on planes in other areas by
lowering the standards in society
together and we're doing it and we're
seeing the repercussions and we're not
stopping it so where's the
line I've been asked do you think women
need to serve if you want to respect the
rights of the people we are fighting
unfortunately I need to be there women
have to be there there because the
Taliban and Isis and God knows how many
other enemies we've continued to
make there are women on the battlefield
and they will use them if they are
covered head to toe and they will put
men in those burkas with AK-47s and
suicide vests and they will think a
woman is walking up to them who's not a
threat and they will
detonate and they've done that and they
did it time and time again the Taliban
got smart and realized that we as uh
westerners
to a fault will follow the rule but they
don't have to and when that started to
happen people started getting killed
more because they would hide themselves
in women's positions so they're like
okay they're not going to bring women on
the front lines with them so the women
and children would flee and that's how
it would be and then we started going
well we have to do something about this
because they were hiding weapons money
jewelry indicators that they were
working with the Taliban in like women's
hair and like under their burkas and
under their breasts and like things like
that so when I finally started going out
there you're finding all kinds of things
cuz all of a sudden there was a woman
there to actually search people and we
had never done that before cuz a man
cannot touch a woman and so as long as
we want to fight fair as long as we want
to fight up against the you know current
individuals we're fighting whether
that's Hamas or Isis or the Taliban you
name it speaking of the Taliban side
tangent here 2 seconds have you seen the
new article that came out and they were
like oh my god did you know the Taliban
have started stoning women
again that that doesn't really shock me
when did it stop Jordan I'm sorry and
also all of these people who have
something to say about it where were you
for 20 years when we could have done
something about it when we were standing
there watching it and you said we can't
do anything about it so why do you care
now you don't care selective outrage I'm
over it sorry D who are you speaking
about particularly with this elective
outrage oh you name it anybody on social
media with a
face anybody who's uh an influencer or a
political commentator or these people
who have made their careers off of just
adding more negativity to the world it's
constant nihilism for young people to
click on and become obsessed with the
next new rage event it's really hard to
watch now you had a particular role in
Afghanistan you said for example that
you were searching women did I was
searching women right so and that that's
a specific role for women Andre you
believe that that's a useful role what
now what what do you think what do you
think has been the consequence in
general of introducing women into the
Armed Forces I mean there's a there's
obviously continual sexual scandals in
the armed forces in Canada it's always
been there we just haven't reported it
okay meaning meaning it's always been
there in what way because there has been
women in the Army right just not in
combat arms roles in other countries for
us there has so those assaults have been
going on for the the individual for
example I won't say his name he's got a
world of hurt anyway uh who told me that
I it would have been easier if I died
he's been charged with seven sexual
assaults but he made it to Major
and he's not being arrested or put in
jail and he's getting to leave with a
pension so what does that say to
everyone else below him do it just make
sure they're quiet about it and that's
why it keeps happening we don't actually
take accountability for our actions we
never have because if we did it would
stop okay so I I read a an article in
the Canadian military Journal I don't
remember the name of the journal but it
was their Dei um
uh issue right and
their what would you say recommendation
for decreasing the frequency of the
sorts of things that you're talking
about was a retooling of the entire
culture of the Canadian military well I
don't exactly understand what that means
because the culture is going to be a War
culture right and I presume that there
are downsides to that as well as
upsides I don't I don't know how to
understand the downsides in terms of the
relationship between men and women but
if you have a lot of young men together
who are single and a lot of young women
together who are single then there's
obviously going to be uh sexual
interactions on a Non-Stop basis and I
have no idea how that can be like
reasonably regulated I suspect that the
Dei approach is not going to work very
effectively
no yeah so Dei that's a trip Canada's
lost its mind uh
okay so I spoke to Buck Angel recently
and I was asking him his opinion on how
the Canadian military has just put
tampons in the bathrooms yeah yeah and
then and then made it uh what a
particularly punishable offense for the
young men to take the tampon dispensers
out of the bathrooms which is obviously
exactly what they should do they should
never have been in there in the first
place well yes that's for sure yeah so
bad leadership right you might say that
already we can go with bad leadership
that rolls downhill we have a saying in
the military uh rolls downhill and
so that's obvious so Dei is rolling
downhill and it's rolling down to a
already
crippling military our military complex
in Canada is shrinking astronomically
and not only that it's shrinking because
veterans aren't being looked after uh
people at gag 10 are having to rely on
food banks to eat because they're not
being paid enough uh no weapon systems
are coming in people are having to pay
for their own flights come back from
from where did they go was it Lithuania
they were over there excuse me they were
playing War Games I.E they were just
trying to be a show of force or Putin
anyway
so and then we bring in Dei so here's
what's happened since I got out this was
a trip I got to go back in
2020 one 22 to New Brunswick to go shoot
my last round as a gunner I didn't know
this was a thing but when you're like
super old or something really bad
happens they bring you back to shoot
your last round you are you super old or
something bad happen you're going to be
35 this Jordan so we're going to go with
something bad happened and they really
messed up and they know it and there was
a book written about it they didn't like
it so so what happened was I went and I
shot my last round and it was this you
know all the big wigs came out and all
of this and it was amazing because there
was actually a female there that was a
colonel that I actually respected and so
it was a really big honor to get to
shoot with her and so I'm there but what
I saw
was really troubling to
me dis shuffled
beards long nails
piercings
jewelry weird colored hair and beards we
had lost the standard we stopped doing
the standards of what it meant to be in
the service men have to be clean shaven
women have to have short nails you have
to have one earring you can only wear
where wedding band like you don't do
these things their hair was a mess they
just looked a mess and I said what am I
looking at here so this is the new
standard so if you start to lower the
standards people who have served like my
friend Dallas Alexander who got slapped
by the government for going on Shawn
Ryan people like that leave right the
experienced people who you need to teach
these standards the best people leave oh
100% And so this is what's happening so
now you've got Dei so what happens with
Dei well Basics that we know men now are
in women's spaces vulnerable spaces men
now are allowed around women in
environments that they just shouldn't be
in service in general meaning we we
normally get our own shower time right
and where we get our if we have enough
women we get our own tent if you didn't
you just you you're with the guys and
you're used to it it's fine and so what
was happening is people say that it's an
assault issue it's a control issue it's
a leadership who has been told time and
time and time again you can get away
with it it doesn't matter you're going
to get away with it if you're high
enough rank you got the right people
around you you're going to get away with
that so what does that say to women it
says well I don't really want to be in
the service so now you're losing women
or you're having women transition to men
so they're accepted in men's spaces and
they're accepted as a male so maybe they
won't get raped because you've got you
had a Navy ship just have to come back
recently uh in the United States because
there was like 30 assaults in 30 days
and women were just pimping themselves
out early so they didn't get raped they
said well I'll just do it now because
then that way I won't get assaulted so
it won't be like traumatic it'll be my
choice and so people are saying well why
are we why are we allowing women how
about you just stop raping people
guys where is the accountability on the
man where is the accountability on the
staff where is the accountability on the
leadership to go hey if I catch you
doing an assault this is what's
happening to you you're out you're gone
you're your job is over and you're GNA
have a dishonorable discharge for
sexually assaulting someone then you're
going to get a criminal charge why
aren't we doing that well why do you
think because we already have no one and
also there's a lot of people that are
old school that are still in
that are going to cover because oh what
if a guy's like one year away from his
pension Kelsey let's just let this one
slide you don't want his family to not
have any money right you don't want his
family to lose his pension you don't
want them to have that name in the
school do you like it is a it's a
hypocrisy there is the service is filled
with some of
the best people that we have to offer
and then it's filled also with some of
the worst we have to offer because it
attracts A type personality there's bad
eggs and everything you know with the
police yeah there's some bad eggs but
they're not all bad and that's kind of
what's happening with the service Bad
Eggs not all bad removing funds what
happens shittier people so it's
happening in the police now it's
happening in the service and we already
have one of the smallest armies so we're
being bought and paid for by the CCP
left right and Center approvable by cus
on paper and then now we have weak
borders no military no weapons running
out of artillery rounds and giving how
many billions of dollars somewhere else
why would you want to join the service
why what you can be patriotic and I
applaud that I have people come to me
all the time my daughter's going to join
can you talk to her so I'm not going to
talk anybody out of anything there their
path if they believe they need to go do
it they will go do it but at the same
time I'm sorry this is not the country I
fought
for so why do you think this is
happening to the military in Canada
it so it's really easy to control people
when they don't have somebody to stand
up for them look at the look at the
protest okay so when our own police
turned on people at the protest you mean
the trucker protest yes so I was
involved with that in NBC and um my
parents are truck drivers who do you
think I'm going to support and also my
business was crashing because of them
and I was losing everything that I had
just built post Army because of them you
actually think that I'm going to stand
for this and watching what I was
witnessing anybody in their right mind
was not okay with this so I came out and
I did a sign and I said I stand with the
protest and everything just went and I
started talking to some friends and then
next thing you know we got like a leaked
WhatsApp chat from the RCMP and it was
like saying some really nasty stuff
about how they were going to like take
their Jack Boots to the protesters face
they were using Nazi comments they were
doing some really nasty things and what
I realized right there is who is going
to stop us us when the police turn on us
it's like at least we have the service
at least we have the veterans like our
it's not the military that's going to
stop it because they're weak-minded at
this point if you're a Dei you know
believer in that service I'm sorry
you're not if you believe in Dei for the
Army or the Navy or the maybe the Navy
but or the Air Force I'm sorry you've
lost the plot you forgot why you joined
you forgot what real war looks like
you're delusional and you're going to
cause harm people are not going to like
that comment I'm going to get all the
hate I don't care because that's the
truth you're not a free thinker your job
I get you've been told that you were
supposed to follow in suit but there's
also a point in your life when you come
to a fork and a road and you go do I
believe this if you go no it's going to
suck but you have to stick to what your
truth is and mine is that behavior is
not acceptable so who is going to stop
us well it looks like the veterans CU
it's not the military because the
veterans are the ones that know what war
is cuz we've all been there for the past
20 plus years and now we're all rocking
into it again the military doesn't look
after its people doesn't equip them
properly doesn't feed them properly
doesn't look after the families and puts
you on a increasingly dangerous amount
of pharmaceutical intervention instead
of actually solving the problem so why
would you serve I'm sorry never again
not for
Canada so what happened in Afghanistan
you went to Afghanistan you were with
the French unit I was with the French we
went to fob this was when uh so I went
uh so I got to Valar in September we
deployed in April of 2009 2009 2009 how
old were you I was just turned 19 and so
we went my uh battery R uh troop Alpha
we went to fob ramrod so they go two
guns at a time so two gun troops so we
had two triple sevs and then two people
two uh sorry troops filled with enough
people to run both those guns the comms
and the officers so we got dropped off
there in the middle of the Mayan
District it's just like a 3 kmet fob
really small in the middle of nowhere
and that was the first time I had been
outside the wire and went oh there's
people out here that want to kill me it
was very shocking and um immediately we
we transitioned with the other Canadians
and we we started right away and so we
got to know some of the Americans uh the
French didn't want the Americans on our
side and the French wouldn't speak
English to the Americans but I did
so I wasn't chummy with everyone here
because I couldn't really talk enough to
have like full conversations so I
started talking to the Americans and
there's a lot of guys from Texas and
from all over the place and it's wild
because everyone thinks the military is
racist but it's like the most welcoming
group of people I've ever met there's
people from everywhere all walks it was
crazy and so that was great loved the
fob um when we were shooting it's boring
otherwise you're just working out or
you're you know you said love the the
fob tell me f uh Ford observation base
and so that's just where our little home
was we had our tent that's where we
slept that's where we shot guns how did
you understand your
mission like what what was it that you I
wasn't given a mission set I wasn't
given a mission set that was a gunner it
was you go here you shoot the guns when
you hear the fire mission run to the gun
follow orders right yeah right right and
the only other time is we would go up
onto the op Tower and that we had a
bunch of op towers and Canada's Tower
was this one so
oper um um it was oh my gosh it was the
something post uh oper observation post
holy brain get it together we're going
to get there and uh you would do four
hour shifts uh with the machine guns and
you would just
watch that's what you did and then you
do radio calls so I like to mess around
with the Americans and do them in French
it was just fun for me and um and then
any time there's a fire mission you ran
to the gun so that was like my life for
a long time how long um I think for that
was like the first couple months and
then after that uh I got a well A call
came down to the Tower and said Kelsey
you need to come into the tent and I
went into the tent and Sergeant Leblon
was there and he said hey so there's
about to be a big operation and the
British need you to go with them I've
told them no and I was like hey man I
want to be infantry don't don't take my
dream let me go do this dad like I want
to go do this like let me go live my
life you know and he goes I don't want
you going I said why why and he goes
because you don't understand he had
deployed uh to Bosnia and he had
deployed before and he had used his
weapon in combat and that wasn't
artillery right so it was small arms and
he's like I don't want you going and I
said okay and um he said but they're not
going to say no they're not letting you
stay so what he did is he said come with
me and we went and got my my rifle kind
of sorted out he stripped his rifle down
because he had deployed before he had
all the Gucci kit and I just had this
like old sight that doesn't work unless
it's at like 400 km it's not going to
work for close combat at all like it's
terrible and he got me you know the the
the tack light and all the cool things
and gave me all of his this is where it
scared me a bit he emptied his vest and
took all his extra mags and went you're
going to need these and he laid it out
in front of me and it was a lot of
magazines and I was like you really
going to need that he
goes okay and then he took me to the the
little range we had there in Aero my
weapon and then he said they're going to
come get you tomorrow so they were
taking Small Arms fire on the way and
they couldn't come get me so they said
if they don't come tomorrow you're not
going so he was all happy they came they
picked me up there was a bunch of tpps
on there and a bunch of other
individuals interpreters sorry yep and
um within that there was just a bunch of
random people on the shinook you know
bits and pieces from all over different
places of Afghanistan people going to
the hospital some interpreters some of
the military and they Dro me back off a
calf which is the um it is essentially
the massive base within Kandahar where
everyone flies in and out of if you hear
about the Tim Hortons or the Pizza Hut
it's there and so that's where the
British were and they dropped me off and
then they dropped me at the British gate
and they said here you go and I walked
into the British and I introduced myself
I don't know how to read the ranks so I
don't know who I'm talking to they just
have all different little you know we
had Chevrons at the time they had
different stuff and so I must have been
talking to someone high up and I think
it was a command calhon Commander no
idea didn't just terrible and I said hi
I'm I'm going to work with you and they
said okay you're going to be our female
at so just female Searcher you're going
to come with us um you're going to go
see the RCMP here real quick they're
going to tell you what you can and
cannot do they're going to give you some
zip ties and some gloves and we'll come
get you so I went to the RCMP they gave
me a quick overview of what I could and
could not do and um what could you and
could you not do I couldn't so I could
not put uh duct tape on them but could
zip tie their hands um I couldn't put
them in certain positions I couldn't put
a bag over but I could tie their eyes um
if I was removing things from the women
they had to be set down in front of them
so they could see that we weren't
stealing it that we were just removing
it from them and then uh you know just
pressure points I wasn't allowed to push
said okay and then I got gloves and a
bunch of zip ties and then I went back
to the British and they said okay we're
going out tonight at uh 1:00 in the
morning and this is what we're going to
do you're going to go from house to
house to house to house and anytime
there's women we're going to call you
and you're going to follow that guy
right there with the bombb dog he's got
a black lab named Benji and you're going
to follow him everywhere he goes don't
lose him he's with you the whole time I
said okay and then uh they said you can
go sleep and I said I don't think I can
and then we set off in a little school
bus over to the Airfield and then hopped
on a shinook and I sat on the floor
which was a bad idea and then people
stacked around me and then we took off
and we went out um it was the first time
I used like uh nvgs so nods to see at
night and all of that so that was
interesting and that was about it to be
honest that's all I got told and then we
went out on foot and we had a hot LZ and
we landed yep so we I'm going to get I'm
so sorry no problem um we were taking
some small arms fire when we came in and
they dropped us off really quick problem
was people were sitting on my legs so I
couldn't feel them so when they I stood
up my legs I went to run they gave out
and so a Brit a Scottish guy just
grabbed the back of my vest like this
and did one of these and just kicked me
in the butt and it was like I off you go
and I was like here we go and so we went
out and then we waited until morning
prayer because of the respect we have we
wait till they're done their morning
prayers and we kick their door in and
then I was told they're not going to use
me a you know Burns we haven't had
people women and kids around a lot
they've been leaving I said okay they
told me we're going to be out there a
week I was like okay first
house we need her and I go it was my
first experience of what 12 women and
kids screaming and crying in a room by
myself looks like and that was
a being a mom now I really wrestle with
some of that stuff I didn't then I had
no reference point but being a mom now I
I really wrestle with wrestle with what
kicking people's door in in the middle
of the night M with your baby screaming
and terrified the level of trauma I've
left in that country and the women and
kids I
encountered whether you're feeling
stressed or anxious or simply seeking a
moment of peace and Tranquility the
Hallow app has something for you hallow
offers an incredible range of guided
meditations and prayers that are
designed to help you deepen your
spirituality and strengthen your
connection to God with hallow you can
embark on a journey of exploration
diving into different themes and types
of prayer and meditation from gratitude
to forgiveness each session offers a
unique experience sparking your
curiosity and deepening your spiritual
understanding choose different lengths
of meditation to fit your schedule
whether you have a few minutes or an
hour this flexibility puts you in
control of your own spiritual journey
with its userfriendly interface and
hundreds of guided meditations the
Hallow app has quickly become a go-to
resource for people seeking spiritual
growth and healing you can download the
app for free at hall.com Jordan set
prayer reminders and track your progress
along the way hallow is truly
transformative and will help you connect
with your faith on a deeper level so
what are you waiting for download the
Hallow app today at hall.com Jordan
that's that's hall.com Jordan hall.com
Jordan for an exclusive 3-month free
trial of all 10,000 plus prayers and
meditations what were you looking for
all we were told is we were looking for
cachets you know weapons um a lot of
money anything that would indicate
people were working with the Taliban or
anywhere near sort of IED which are
improvised explosive devices uh any of
those farms and that's all I was told
and so if I were to find big wads of
money or I would have find cell phones
and and any of those things I was like
bring them to them like okay this is
what I found who I found it onh and so
did you H yeah yeah we found a lot um
they hid stuff in women because they
didn't think I'd be there to search them
and so so does that help you reconcile
yourself to what you
did no why
not cuz I still did the thing I still
inflicted the trauma it was still a part
of the pain doesn't erase it it's there
though
so it's an uncomfortable feeling
something I've definitely worked on a
lot but it's definitely there
like K my door in the middle of the
night yeah yeah you know mean it's very
immediate hey what you're involved in is
very immediate and it's like bang it's
just like it's just like screaming and
like Madness and chaos and you know it's
right after they're praying it's just
dirty feels dirty like I get why like
don't get me wrong I'm not saying like
we shouldn't have done it that way but
like shock and awe is how you don't get
killed right it's like my buddy used to
say to me I'd be like how did you guys
like how did we lose so many more people
than the SF he's like we move at
night quiet we get the job done and we
leave conventional forces we roll out at
the same time every day we go down the
same road every day you know we're we're
sitting ducks it's different so anyway
so it's you got to be quick and you got
to be shocking all a bit right so that's
the tactic and so we started doing that
for a while and that was going okay I
had a couple scuffles with men in the
family thinking I was a boy going into a
room so we dealt with that a little bit
which is always fun the interpreters
didn't like that I was there there's not
a lot of respect for women especially a
female Soldier so that was an
interesting relationship to kind of work
around if you will and and then we had a
couple situations so situations wow I
would have so that's an additional
difficulty of being female in the armed
forces in in in those countries yeah
absolutely because if you're fighting a
country has little to no respect for
women by and large across the board
depending on your level of extremism
yeah you know you you're going to be
dealing with uh a different trust issue
right yes well I would imagine that
you're particularly hated too oh yeah
you could feel it like Burns
through yeah you can feel that but
that's okay I equally hated them just as
much and I made sure they knew it so
again this is where that masculine side
switched on and there was no feminine
left
and So within a couple days of being out
on on on on our on foot operation I was
with except you said that it bothers you
now that you're a mother it does bother
me I mean I think it should bother
anyone you're a I'm not disputing that
oh no for sure I just think that feels
natural to me I feel like if I were to
say oh I had no problem with what I did
to those women and kids yeah I think
that would be slightly sociopathic yeah
right and I'm in I consider myself a
painful empathy like for a lot of people
especially you know post psychedelics
and really opening and doing work on
myself that that kind of shell and
heaviness isn't there anymore that like
need to protect my heart is not there
anymore now it's
like painful all the time like right
before we came here there was a woman at
lunch just yelling at her child and I
could see that she was stressed but it
was like watching the child take it oh I
just I stopped eating I felt nauseous
like I'm painfully empathetic now and
it's almost a I almost wish it was a bit
the other way it's easier how much of
that do you think is a consequence of
becoming a
mother mean that's a big change oh yeah
I don't think it's as much as I thought
it would be because when I had my son I
wasn't well yet so there was still that
hardened part there and thank God it
happened so early where he couldn't
remember what I was like he gets to see
happy mommy now he doesn't see Mommy
crying on the stairs like he did when he
was 2 and three right so how long did
you search we only did a week we did a
full week of just
nonstop and because it was non-stop I
went from alpha bravo charlie and I was
shifted between every single unit so if
they were kicking a door there was a
women okay then I would go over there
and then if they they would kick and
wait and then they would go okay wait we
got women and kids they put them in a
room and then they would wait for me to
come over here and then I would search
over here and then' be the same sort
thing over here there's not many of us
so you're used a lot and so how did you
get along with the Brits I love them how
come they didn't question me they didn't
make me feel like I needed to prove
myself I was handed to them and they
said do you know what you're doing and I
said probably better than some of you
and because I immediately fired back and
didn't just cower into my shell they're
like oh she's Lippy is she and then they
started calling me the seword in a good
way and I was excited about that cuz I
was like oh I'm starting to be one of
these people okay okay I can do this and
then you're still only about 19 at this
time yeah I was 19 the whole time
yeah yeah and it was just they respected
me if I said stop everyone stopped they
weren't like oh why should we stop they
were like stop Burns said stop something
felt wrong and so they respected me and
so I I got on with them just fine and it
was really lovely there you know I had
South Africans English uh Irish um uh
who else is it fijians and they were
just this amazing eclectic group of
people and they all just were good with
me there there was no questioning it at
all no one was weird no one pulled any
sexual stuff no one said anything
offside that I considered offside it was
it was a really respectful relationship
and I liked it so when they respected me
I was happy to be there and so we're out
and we were all on hold there was a road
to
clear
and I was had my back up against a wall
and on the right hand side there was a
road and then there was another compound
and then uh they had a second story on
that so we put a sniper up on the roof
and a spotter over there and we had some
guys over here waiting then we had all
of us up against the wall and we had an
interpreter beside me and then just down
the road there was a road and it kind of
went from a big open field on the right
hand side and then off the road was like
a deep ditch but was like super green in
that ditch like they like really tall
trees people don't think Afghan is like
really green but it shockingly is and
then at the end of it there was this
massive grape Hut and they're like okay
we want to clear that before we go down
this road what did you call it a grape
Hut so essentially it's like a mud hut
with a bunch of holes in it so if you
hang things through it it aerates so
it'll dry things in there I see and
so we sent two guys out and one had a
metal detector and one was a machine
gunner and he was just going to watch
his back and so everyone's kind of
watching this this massive open area and
it got weirdly quiet and that's that's
never a comfortable feeling and so we're
just sitting there hanging out I
actually have a photo right before it
somebody took a photo of me and I'm
smiling like this like it's like one of
my only photos from outside the wire and
next thing you
know you just heard this
like boom and the whole ground just like
moved and I whipped my head to the left
and you saw one of our guys what was
left of him
just
boom and my eyes this was the guy with
the metal detector and the machine
gunner yeah the machine gunner was
sitting at the door so the blast hit him
to the left side and it ripped his kid
off shredded his arm down his body took
his like his whole helmet like I didn't
understand how that happened but like
everything was off of his body like
that's velcroed on and like clicked in I
didn't understand like what I just
witnessed I
couldn't I can't stress to you how
foreign I didn't it there was no like I
didn't get it I didn't realize what I
was
seeing and to the left of me all you
heard was the Icom radio which is this
radio that the that the um interpreters
have when it's really clear we can hear
the Taliban right that's how we we kind
of like wire tap Taliban and so when it
got really clear they were close the
signal was good and it was Crystal Clear
cuz they like to watch right they like
to watch you blow up videotape it and
use it for propaganda and they're always
watching and we know that and so they
did it and all you hear
is and I like I'll remember that to the
day I die and like the level of Rage
that I did not know that could exist in
a human being just overtook my entire
body and I looked over at banan and I
said we need to run and he goes wait and
they all had radios I didn't have radios
so I could just hear people screaming
over radios and then next thing you know
it just got chaotic quick they're like
okay go go go go go go like I'm not
supposed to be in this position this is
not my job I don't know the hell I'm
doing I'm just being doing what I'm told
run run got it autopilot
on so we jump down and we start running
and I'm over with the medic and uh one
of the guys comes he come the machine
gunner comes running down and he's like
I got him like he's taping him up and
he's just saying where so and so where
so and so and he's kind of like right
out of it he just like hits him with
morphine and they get him off and
they're like go and so we start jumping
into that ditch that hadn't been cleared
and we just start running the only way I
can describe it is if you listen to a
movie and it's like a slow motion and
you're in that black tunnel and it's
just like all you can hear is
like and you're running and running and
you can't go like fast and I'm running
with I had like 60 pounds a kit on me at
the time like a like a gazelle like I'm
just sprinting as fast as I can we get
to the road and they're like on three
run we're like one two three we run
across the road and we walk
in and there's some other guys that are
in there and they look around and I look
around and this it's like I hate that I
said it but I was just kind of like
where is he cuz I literally had no idea
what just happened and they're like
What's Left is left start grabbing
things
and I didn't have gloves on at the time
so we started with evidence bags just
putting body pieces into bags over and
over and I'm was grabbing this was the
man with the with the metal detector
what was left of him and
so we're doing that and then there was a
boot he must have like hit it with his
foot or the metal detector but there was
a big improvised explosive device at the
back end of that um grape Hut and he
must have hit it and it set it off and
so his boot was still in there with part
of his leg but it was Lac up and dark
humor boots
okay and one of my buddies just tapped
me on the shoulder and he's like I burnt
good and that was like the moment I felt
like a dissociation happened MH I called
the light switch but just like we're
done now
bye um and I became the version of
myself I was for a decade after that you
call that moral injury
yeah that was a good time um and so
we're collecting everything and next
thing you know all hell breaks loose so
if you know anything about the Talan or
terrorists they love a good secondary
device and so they wait till everyone
rushes in and then they hit you again
and they did that so next thing you know
mortars are I know how inaccurate those
things can be so when I hear them coming
down I'm like oh oh we got problems and
so they start just sending mortars and
our guys are like sending mortars to try
to deter the Taliban that are on the
line coming in and we're getting taking
Small Arms fire and they call in the
Pedro flights which are the two
Blackhawks one's going to come in and
it's going to pick up the dead and the
hurt and the other's going to lay down
hell and so they come in and I don't
this is just chaos they go okay you need
to whatever you have in your pocket's
good take your weapon sling it grab his
weapon put it on and then take both
helmets so I do that and we start
running and we're just running down this
road that hadn't been cleared just going
through open fire and it was the first
time I'd experienced like the The Whiz
and the pop really close and then we
tripped and we dropped him what was left
and then we had to put them all back in
while this is going on and then next
thing the Blackhawks show up and it
was it was it was I would just didn't
want to die
and they came through and One landed and
the one guy was just like where is he
where is he and everyone's like oh we
got him mate we got him we got him it's
all good it's all good hit him with
morphine and meanwhile he's covered up
right beside um what's left with a tarp
and they're just like oh he's on the
next FL like he's good like just don't
don't get him any more stress and so
this other one comes through and this
was the machine gunner yeah the machine
gunner um and the other Blackhawk takes
off and
just we get back and I'm covered in
blood and I'm taking off all the kit and
putting it on there and the Machine the
guy on the blackout comes through and
just
like just like lays down like living
hell and I can't tell you how good that
felt like I felt that in my bones I was
like more harder do it again after that
I just lost all sense of empathy and I
just wanted to kill them all and I hate
that I say that but I did and I don't I
don't apologize for it
either um and then I started
to the medic caught on I'm still good
friends with him did the trauma
experienced to what degree do you think
that was a consequence of of the Mayhem
that you saw and to what degree do you
think it was a consequence of that
hatred I think it was uh I think at
because there was a lot of other things
that happened on that one that really
compounded it aggressively but uh I
think it was more the shock to the
system of watching someone die the way I
did and then the hatred came in
secondary to really compound like just
the pain of it all yeah well that's a
real transformation of Personality yeah
yeah it was not I got
quiet that's how everyone caught on I
just stopped talking I stopped eating I
stopped sleeping but when we came back
to the when we were getting everyone out
right before we kicked off again I
started obsessively rubbing my
hands like like this and like trying to
get the blood off um until this day it's
what 2024 I still don't touch raw meat
with bare hands I eat meat I eat
predominantly only meat but I don't I
don't touch
it I can't touch it I haven't gone
hunting yet because of it I'm really
bummed about
it yeah we're working on that one that's
my last
Bugaboo yeah yeah cuz I didn't have
gloves when I was grabbing
him so that was
uncomfortable yeah I think that's fair
to say yeah yeah so I make jokes about
it now cuz it's how I
cope starting a business can be tough
but thanks to Shopify running your
online storefront is easier than ever
Shopify is the global Commerce platform
that helps you sell at every stage of
your business from the launch your
online shop stage all the way to the did
we just hit a million orders stage
Shopify is there to help you grow our
marketing team uses Shopify every day to
sell our merchandise and we love how
easy it is to add more items ship
products and track conversions Shopify
helps you turn browsers into buyers with
the internet's best converting checkout
up to 36% better compared to other
leading e-commerce platforms no matter
how big you want to grow Shopify gives
you everything you need to take control
and take your business to the next level
sign up for a $1 per month trial period
at shopify.com jbp go to shopify.com jbp
now to grow your business no matter what
stage you're in that's shopify.com
jbp so what happened to you after that
so we pushed
off and uh we just kept going and then I
don't know if it was the next day or
that same day cuz everything started to
become a blur after that we we just
started getting hit every time we walked
somewhere every time we moved we were
just taking it Small Arms fire mortar
fire we were just getting clapped like
constantly they were everywhere and so I
got put in a weird situation again um I
was with one of the troops I was with um
Stephen um stepen Noble's guys and we
were walking into a small Village and
there was screaming up ahead in a
compound and it was like women and
whether it was like a Target or whether
it was a setup or whatever that pulled
us there he says we pushed into this
compound like get on the roof and I was
like let's go like now it's my
turn right so they lift me up cuz I
can't get on that roof they lift me up
onto the roof and there's another guy to
the right of me and then there's me and
then there's a sharpshooter right beside
me to the left hand side which is like a
sniper but the Brits call them
Sharpshooters not quite snipers um and
another guy there and we are just laying
down
hell like I'm feeling nothing we're
just laying down hell and the
Sharpshooter goes I'm out of ammo I got
to jump down his rifle and I'll show you
a picture of it is the length of my body
when I stand up from buttstock to end of
barrel so I'm laying down rounds he
jumps down as he jumps down on the left
hand side we get flanked and three
rounds go
hit his butt stalk protects my hip and
just misses me so after we're done the
firefight we jump down and he pulls out
the rifle and he pulls out the casing
and I was like tell me that's mine he's
like no chance you have a picture of it
though and I was like that was my hip
and he's like yep it was so if he was
there he would it would have went
through him would have hit the butt
stock and hopefully would have stopped
but because he wasn't there hit the butt
stock and it took enough of it that it
stopped it so I was very fortunate in
that situation and then after that I
started having uh we started just the
next compound we went to I was searching
a group of women and there was a
particularly combative set of women here
we had known at the point that this was
home of the Taliban like we had we knew
somebody there we knew that they were T
like we knew that and so um when I was
searching some of the women they chew uh
there's a drug they chew there right and
it makes them really disoriented and
it's really hard to search them while
I'm searching one of them one of them
comes at me with those like um shears
yeah just one of these I just I don't I
wasn't issued a small arms like a
handgun at all which makes no sense um
and my Barrel is this long so I'm not
getting that in between us so I just
kind of do want this and just kind of
knock her down so she's down so at least
then she's diffused and it was fine but
then after that what happened was I got
really just angry with all of them so I
started instead of taking something from
them and setting it down it just was out
the window out the door there was no
respect anymore there was like I don't
care if they're in prayer kick the door
in let's go I'm not waiting for this we
got places to be and you could just see
it just get worse and worse and worse
and we were just in firefight after
firefight after firefight then our other
guys got hit then we lost two
interpreters then we had one of the
other females there she was a mess cuz
she was in right behind so now we had to
get them out and it was just
this it was this really really really
terrible operation that just didn't go
well and all of those guys I was with I
bonded with and they were talking to me
checking on me and listening to me or
just sitting still because they knew I
was not doing great um and then we got
back to calf we finished the operation
they picked us up we got back to calf
and they said see you later and I went
back to the
Canadians and I was told by by a captain
that how long was that period of time
about a week I think it was I have the
exact time stamp it was I believe it was
the 9th at
0100 and then we got pulled out at
215 a.m on the
15th and
um I went back to the Canadians and I
was told right away to just not talk
about anything that happened because no
one's going to believe me
anyway and then I went back out to the
fob and I almost pulled a trigger on a
kid because when I was doing the tower
the little girl that came outside the
fob all the time she was she would wave
but this time I didn't see a wave I saw
a
gun and I racked around and the guy
beside me was like yes girl like what
are we
doing and I just looked at him and I was
like what and he was like no and I ran
off the tower and I went into and I told
my sergeant something's wrong wrong
something's
wrong and they said okay and then they
sent me back to calf and then they sent
me to the doctor and they
said um we're seeing signs of acute
postotic stress disorder we're going to
put you on these pills cuz I stopped
sleeping I stopped eating I did that
what did they put you on I have a I have
a list but there's 11 okay I have a list
though so there's 11 uppers you know
sleep meds anti-depressants um um any
anxiety you name it just those types of
medication got it yep and then um they
said okay go on your hlta which is your
holiday so I went to Dominican Republic
with my mom for 3 weeks and in that time
frame we lost more Canadians that I was
with and I was angry and I drank and I
was not fun to be around and I just
wanted to go back and I went back I went
back out to the
fob told an officer
off and they sent me back to calf again
and they're like oh don't worry don't
worry about your stuff you're coming
back don't worry about it so I left all
my stuff at the
fob and they brought me back to the
doctor and they're like this is getting
worse and then they sent me to the qm
which is quarter Masters where you get
like your inventory stuff and they made
me start counting
pens and then my braid wasn't good
enough so an officer a warant officer
yelled at me and then I Unleashed living
hell
and um I was told uh had to go back to
the doctors and I did and they said
you're going home in 3 weeks so I went
home three weeks earlier before the rest
of my gun troop and I never saw the
British again and I never saw my unit
again and then I got back to my unit in
Quebec before everyone else and they
told me I was going to the hospital and
see you later and then I went to the
hospital in Ottawa and then I was there
until they deemed me acceptable to try
to retrain at the canot range and it
didn't go well
because I was working on a
range and then they decided they were
going to Med board me out in 2011 so I
got Med boarded out with severe
post-traumatic stress disorder and an
undiagnosed traumatic brain
injury and what was the traumatic brain
injury from how was that acquired uh so
what we understand now about machine
guns Carl gustoff's artillery rounds the
concussive blast off of one round will
give brain damage and I did a lot of
that right yeah so because we have 11 of
the same 13 symptoms right so my TBI was
actually a big contributing factor to
why it wasn't healing but we weren't
treating it because we didn't pay
attention to it right because it wasn't
written down right and what kind of care
did you receive when you got back to
Canada uh a social worker I found out
recently I had a social worker at Ottawa
who was trying to work with me they
tried to do hypnosis they did EMDR they
did medication they did um exposure
therapy we did all those things and it
just got worse and then the medication
increased and then I moved to British
Columbia with my now husband and I was
given to the operational stress injury
clinic in Vancouver which is an okay
place but luckily Dr passy was there and
he was given I was given to him and he
was the gentleman that you mentioned ear
psychiatrist yeah yeah and he was
helpful I still work with him weekly why
was he helpful what did he do
right he had walked the walk so I know
know he understood so I didn't have to
explain myself to him mhm and he gave me
the space and didn't tell me I was
broken he said I see this all the time
you're going to be fine kid MH just give
me time and I said okay
and the idea of being the only suicide
he ever had like would haunt I couldn't
do that I didn't live because of me or
wanting to be here I lived because I had
an obligation to others mhm
and so who my now husband I've been with
for 14 years I met him right before
deployment and then I moved up you right
about that yeah yeah yeah and um I just
can't I can't let people down it's like
the it's like it's like the worst so so
I stuck around how are you doing
fantastic how come psychedelics
Community purpose love all of it in
combination M the Catalyst point though
with my husband did the best he could
for as long as he could my psychiatrist
has never failed me but what I had lost
and people don't really talk about this
when you transition out of anything
professional sports military police
going into the civilian world it's not
the same and if you lose that that
Community right so you're hurt and you
don't have an identity yeah and I was
told that 21 I'd never work
again so that's a great label so you
have post-traumatic stress is where
you're never going going to work again
and you're broken we become the stories
we tell ourselves we know that so I told
myself I'm the injured veteran who's
never going to work or get better
because that's what I was told so why
wouldn't I believe that by the people
who are trained experts in their
fields and it was only when my doctor
said to me one day like we know you want
to get pregnant but you can't be on some
of these pharmaceutical meds so what
about cannabis and I was like I grew up
like that's a no no like no no he give
it a try and I was like okay so I slowly
started to integrate cannabis and remove
sleep medication MH and that worked then
we got down to the last what did
cannabis do for you it allowed me to get
to sleep and stay asleep oh yeah okay
yeah because my problem was waking up
from nightmares and the night sweats I
was really violent at night when I'd
sleep and so I was never sleeping so I
was never resting and we know that was
it Tak 72 hours a break someone without
sleep it's not it's not much and so from
there on I said okay I'm going to go
down this more holistic route and I
started my art therapy my doctor
suggested art therapy I started on the
kitchen table in 2015 I started building
uh bracelets out of old spent casings
that my friends would send me from the
range which I found out really quickly
was illegal when the RCMP cornered off
my culde sack and showed up out my door
with
guns they were like so do you have
rounds in there and I was like nope I'm
like do you have a warrant they're like
nope like seven ,50 Cal rounds on the
other side of that
door they just they weren't actual they
were just casings but you can't take
those so I was building jewelry out of
them and I slowly started to develop
this purpose and I never wanted to run a
nonprofit but I wanted to impact our
community and I didn't know how so I was
like well if I can make something then
that can be the vehicle that puts that
money with those Charities that's going
to do the boots on the ground work so
then I'm impacting change and I'm
funding something so that was my
mentality going into the business what
did grow into brass and unity now is oh
my gosh uh so brass and unity I mean it
took off in
2016 I met with Kevin Hart and he gave
me the best piece of advice I've ever
been given which was at the time it was
called her wearables he goes you need to
make it a unisex name and I was
like right so we did he tweeted it out
and a a year later I was on Ellen and it
you know Julian Huff and Michael b and
all these people started wearing it for
suicide prevention and I was like okay
we're cooking with something
then next thing you know we were
nominated for what were you making that
they were wearing just these these uhhuh
just bullet jewelry like with actual
like casings that's it oh yeah yeah oh
yeah just pull use your muscles I
believe in you thank you thank you sorry
I'm a positive affirmation individual
yeah well those are very nicely made
thank you yeah so I started making these
and then we started selling them in the
Fashion World now let me tell you about
the fashion world and bullet casing it
doesn't mix I don't know if you know
that uh it seems it seems logical yes
right so long and short it end up kind
of skyrocketing and we by 2019 we were
in L fashion magazine all of these
things all these stories all these
celebrities 200 retailers I had hand
signed myself just hustling my way
through North America and Co
hit and I lost my entire business
overnight talk about a lack of purpose
having your whole identity wrapped
around a jewel company that was a bad
idea isn't it well it worked it did its
job it did what I needed to do it got me
up it got me moving it got me not want
to kill myself every day so all in that
time frame I got married I had a baby
ran this business and
then 20121 kicks
over and I get this phone call again
from the same guy who introduced me to
iasa so in that time frame I started
getting really suicidal Again by 2019 I
was drowning I couldn't figure why I'm
doing all the things I'm I'm doing what
I'm told I'm trying all the exposure
therapies and the why isn't it
working and my buddy calls and he said
hey what about um iasa Griff's like you
know do you know of heroic Hearts I said
no they said they take veterans to do
iasa I was like what's iasa they're like
this tea and I'm like all right let's do
it last last kick at the can give it an
honest
try 30 days later I went and did it with
a group of operators and black
Blackwater dudes and Army Rangers and I
realized in that moment it was less
about the iasa and more about the
community I was welcome I was brought in
again I was
seen so we did iasa for three days in
the woods three days yeah and my life
changed what did you
learn that the way that I was taught
that God exists isn't true that God is
everything
and that I wasn't going to go to hell
because I wanted
tattoos and that there was nothing wrong
with my
head and that I was going to be okay if
I just had faith in something bigger
than myself that was when what year was
that 2020 2020 mhm so after that I've
never been on a pharmaceutical drug
again H is that right from that point
from that point wow yeah we're going
into 20 202 soon here how is you
sleeping fantastic well that's a good
deal well it's a combination of that and
brain treatment I did in 2022 what did
you do so I went down to this place um
called resiliency brain health center in
Dallas Texas they treat Army Rangers
Delta operators you know NFL dudes and
what had happened was in 2021 from
starting that my podcast um I met Griff
within the first four episodes so I did
psychedelics and that carried me through
and I integrated that I did psychedelics
like I did iasa again that October and
then after that I had some really
popular people on the podcast and this
organization was like
um something's wrong with her eyes and
the only reason that happened is because
my husband started dying so all while
this is happening in Co my husband and I
were in the garage and we're watching a
Joe Rogan podcast literally the same
pattern of behavior we have every day
and I was smoking a joint before bed
he'd sit in the garage with me while we
just have this like routine he looks at
me and he goes
Kelsey something's wrong and he grabbed
his right side and I did my paramedics
after I got home from the Army and I was
like wrong side
BR he goes no something's wrong and he
stood up and he goes I think I'm dying
and he dropped with the ground and he
just was
gone and so talk about move slow again I
started screaming we called 911 they put
us on hold I said I got a new Tesla
let's let's test this thing out so my
neighbor came and put him in the car for
me and we drove him to the hospital in
less than 5 minutes and the ambulance
called and like pull over Beat it I'm
gonna get there faster than
you Canada didn't help Canada kept
telling us it was mental health it was
not mental health my husband was a
professional Super Cross racer he's hit
his head more times than he can count
but what we're starting to understand
about TBI is they can be delayed he was
fine until he
wasn't everything started to spiral
after that he couldn't get out of bed
his depression he started getting
suicidal he was losing weight he wasn't
functioning he just didn't want to live
anymore and he couldn't figure out what
was wrong we went to every hospital we
did private doctors MRIs you name it
they're like it's mental health it's
mental health like it's not mental
health friend of mine was on Instagram
and was like I'm at this brain Clinic I
have too many head injuries so I voice
messaged him I was a ranger and I was
just balling I said will you help me I
don't know what to do can you get them
to see my husband this was Wednesday we
called them they said this is no problem
know what it is he was on a flight and
he was there on Sunday Canada two years
nothing nowhere nothing one week Texas
yeah so we went down there and he was
there and they also treat civilians and
this was who treats the veterans the
resiliency clinic and so this this
lovely lady named Donna Cranston who
runs Defenders of Freedom sat down and
she goes is your wife Kelsey Sharon and
he goes uh yes ma'am goes we think she
has a TBI her eyes are all messed up on
her podcast we'd like to treat her and I
was like okay I'm like you know she's
Canadian like we're going to get special
permission don't worry and they funded
the whole thing so they flew me down to
Texas for two weeks after I did the 4x4
by 48 with uh another charity because
goggin likes to make the rest of us
suffer and um I went right there right
after and I was there for a two-e
intensive program and I found out that I
not only had a TBI I had disautonomia in
pots and that's one of the reasons I
wasn't getting better my vestibular
system was completely aak my hormones
were a complete nightmare you name it I
couldn't tilt my head backwards without
my whole body thinking I Wasing upside
down I was CAU I was couldn't drive a
car I was getting nauseous all the time
couldn't be in a you know passenger seat
so I did treatment with them and then uh
I continued to use things like micro
doing to help not all the time I do
regiments eight weeks at a time and then
I go off and I integrate um but I still
definitely have a tendency when I get
depression I don't go as low as I did
but I go a little but enough to go okay
we need to are we sleeping are we eating
right are we moving enough are we having
enough water what was I watching was it
triggering was it Tucker Caron all week
maybe let's take a let's take a break
let's go into something a little lighter
and so I start looking at all those
things before I go to the next solution
and all in that time frame I you know
wanted to help veterans differently so
we donate 20% of our proceeds from brass
and unity I started journaling and
writing a book I started this podcast
that was kind kind of taking
off and then I was like might as well
become a psychedelic integration coach
so then I can help these same people
that help me and that's what I did and
then now cut to where we are in 2024
where the book came out last year and um
I'm healthy and I'm happy and I love
myself and I know my worth and I know
where I'm going and I have a direction
and I am so godamn grateful for the
people I have around me because without
them I wouldn't have been here and they
didn't give up on
me our government gives up on everyone
else but no one gave up on me and it's
only because they didn't get a hold of
me in time because if they did I
wouldn't be
here all right
ma'am thank you very much for walking us
through that so for everybody watching
and listening I'm going to continue to
talk to Kelsey for another half an hour
on the daily wire side um I'm not
exactly sure what we'll talk about maybe
the maybe more about the state of the
military in
Canada and uh maybe more about
psychedelic treatment as well so if
you'd like to join us on that side you'd
be more than welcome to do that thank
you very much for agreeing to talk to me
today thank you for having me yeah it's
a pleasure it's a pleasure thank you
everyone thank you to the film crew here
in Austin Texas today yeah yeah thanks a
lot guys for making this possible and to
the Daily wire plus people for making
this podcast what it is
much appreciated
[Music]